feat: support compiling contract type JSONs (#925)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/installing_plugins.md

# Plugins

Plugins are core to Ape's architecture.
Here are some plugin examples in Ape:

* `CompilerAPI`: For supporting various languages, like Vyper or Solidity.
* `ProviderAPI`: For connecting the blockchain, such as Alchemy, Geth, or a local Hardhat node.
* `EcosystemAPI`: A suite of networks, such as Ethereum, Fantom, or Starknet.
* CLI plugins: Extending the `click` CLI in Ape.

## Core Plugins

Ape ships with core plugins to help Ape work out-of-the-box.
To see the core plugins that come with Ape, run the following command:

```bash
ape plugins list --all
```

Normally, the `ape plugins list` command shows you all the plugins you have installed.
However, when you include the `--all` flag, it shows the core plugins and the available plugins as well.

> **NOTE**: The available plugins list is trusted and from the Apeworx organziation, however you can install third-party plugins as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: The available plugins list is trusted and from the ApeWorX organization, however you can install third-party plugins from other sources as well.
```
